Refresh the Lighthouse article (#2455)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/network-conditions/network-conditions-tool.md

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Set Content-Encodings, such as deflate, gzip, and br

Use the **Accepted Content-Encodings** option to configure which `content-encoding` HTTP header values are supported by the browser.

> The `content-encoding` header informs the browser if and how a given HTTP response was compressed and is usually set to `gzip`, `deflate`, or `br`. Web servers usually set `content-encoding` headers when sending HTTP responses to a browser. To learn more about these values, see [Content-Encoding](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Encoding) at MDN.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `content-encoding` header informs the browser whether and how a given HTTP response was compressed. This `content-encoding` header is usually set to `gzip`, `deflate`, or `br`. Web servers usually set `content-encoding` headers when sending HTTP responses to a browser. To learn more about these values, see [Content-Encoding](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Content-Encoding) at MDN.
```
two distinct points, so two sep sentences
